feat(kumacp): add info about authentication in docker container (#1125)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/docs/dev/installation/docker.md

`docker run -p 5681:5681 docker.io/kumahq/kuma-cp:{{ page.latest_version }} run`

{% tip %}
Running administrative tasks without additional authentication is possible by running the container in a host network.
To do this add `--network="host"` parameter to the above command.

> Alternatively you can `docker exec` into the container and setup kumactl [authentication](/docs/{{ page.version }}/security/api-server-auth/#admin-user-token).

Reviewer: There's no `kumactl` in the `kuma-cp` image, right? Or should the user install it?

Author: I need to add more info here, we only want to get the token (so point 1) and then setup `kumactl` on the local machine.

**Note**: By default this will run Kuma with a `memory` [store](/docs/{{ page.version }}/documentation/configuration#store), but you can use a persistent storage like PostgreSQL by updating the `conf/kuma-cp.conf` file.
{% endtip %}

#### 2.1 Authentication (optional)

> Running administrative tasks (like generating a dataplane token) require authentication by a token or a connection via localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running administrative tasks (like generating a dataplane token) requires [authentication by token](/docs/{{ page.version }}/security/api-server-auth/#admin-user-token) or a connection via localhost.
```

##### 2.1.1 Localhost

For `kuma-cp` to recognize requests issued to docker published port it needs to run the container in the host network.
To do this, add `--network="host"` parameter to the `docker run` command from point 2.

##### 2.1.2 Authenticating via token

You can also configure `kumactl` to access `kuma-dp` from the container.
To do this use the following commands:

```sh
docker ps # note kuma-cp container id

> TOKEN=$(bash -c 'docker exec -it <KUMA_CP_CONTAINER_ID> wget -q -O - http://localhost:5681/global-secrets/admin-user-token' | jq -r .data | base64 -d)

Reviewer: Nitpick perhaps but putting this all together and using `TOKEN=..` makes it seem like you can copy and paste this but then <KUMA_CP_CONTAINER_ID> has to be set manually. I'd make it either copy-pastable, which might be tough with the container ID, or break it up into multiple steps and use `$KUMA_CP_CONTAINER_ID`
